README.md, before:

<!--
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright 2024 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and cobaltcore-dev contributors
#
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# Cloud storage operations

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations)

This repository contains packaged resources and configuration related to the operations of the vendor-neutral cloud storage backend within the ApeiroRA project.

## Support, Feedback, Contributing

This project is open to feature requests/suggestions, bug reports etc. via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations/issues). Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome. For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Security / Disclosure
If you find any bug that may be a security problem, please follow our instructions at [in our security policy](https://github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations/security/policy) on how to report it. Please do not create GitHub issues for security-related doubts or problems.

## Code of Conduct

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) at all times.

## Licensing

Copyright 2024 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and cobaltcore-dev contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations).

Commit message:

refactor(ceph-operations): alignment with best pratices
  This refactoring results in the following:
    * Nothing has changed in terms of content, only the templating has been harmonised
    * dashboards have been added
    * Rules and dashboards can now be controlled via the values without commenting them out in the files
    * entire rule groups can also be completely deactivated
    * additional rule labels such as important routing information (support_group and service) can now be set in the values
    * readme has been adapted to the new structure

chore(gh-actions): adjust to new structure

README.md, after:

<!--
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright 2024 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and cobaltcore-dev contributors
#
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# Cloud storage operations

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations)

This repository contains packaged resources and configuration related to the operations of the vendor-neutral cloud storage backend within the ApeiroRA project.

# Content

The content is structured as follows:

```
cloud-storage-operations
    │
    ├── playbooks/              Step-by-step instructions for troubleshooting.
    │ 
    └── charts/
         │
         └── ceph-operations
              │
              ├── aggregations/             Prometheus aggregation rules for kubernetes.
              │
              ├── alerts/                   Prometheus alerts for kubernetes.
              │
              ├── dashboards/               Plutono dashboards for visualizing key metrics.
              │
              ├── Chart.yaml                Helm chart manifest.
              │
              └── plugindefintion.yaml      Links the Helm chart to the Greenhouse platform. 

```

## Support, Feedback, Contributing

This project is open to feature requests/suggestions, bug reports etc. via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations/issues). Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome. For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Security / Disclosure
If you find any bug that may be a security problem, please follow our instructions at [in our security policy](https://github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations/security/policy) on how to report it. Please do not create GitHub issues for security-related doubts or problems.

## Code of Conduct

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) at all times.

## Licensing

Copyright 2024 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and cobaltcore-dev contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/cobaltcore-dev/cloud-storage-operations).
